Your Majesty Plum Blossom Tears Future News
Huobu said that Li Feng was during the disaster
greedy dream muff
Li Kang 500,000 sold to Beiyuan Deying 200,000
Mother, this Li Feng?
If you go into business, you will definitely become very rich
Do you want to arrest Li Feng?
Give Li Feng's evidence to his granddaughter
Yes, Your Majesty
Your Majesty
Chen Tan and Li Feng are greedy for two disasters
So that the people of Jiangnan are full of evil
Corpses are everywhere
Many disaster victims revolted
Prime Minister, how should this be handled?
Your Majesty, there is no such thing
If it is food
Maybe someone is greedy
But this time it was Maeve who caused the disaster
Mikon asked who they would sell to if they were greedy
What the prime minister said is urgent?
Your Majesty has conclusive evidence
Don't tell each other, sell it to a private horse farm
Have to bury silver 200,000
Your Majesty, please see
Hey, this Li Feng is so brave
How dare you steal the disaster grain and sell it to Beiyuan?
Your Majesty's memorial to the King is unfounded
unspeakable
What the prime minister said is also reasonable
Hey, then say this, you can pass on the decree
Drive Li Feng into the avenue first
It's your majesty
Your Majesty, think twice
Review Li Feng
Your Majesty's fame
Your Majesty, absolutely not